### What's something you have built or done that you are most proud of and why?
I developed an automated system that provisioned temporary testing environments for our application with each new pull request and deployed a fresh version of the application with each new commit. This system, known as an ephemeral, review, or preview environment, deployed a test version of our app with data closely mimicking our production setup. It also took care to automatically destroy all resources once a pull request was either closed or merged. I am proud of the impact this project had, as it directly addressed the challenge of limited access to statically deployed test environments within our team, significantly improving our development process and workflow.

### What is a tech problem or area that you are excited about?  If you could drop everything and spend your time solving or working in this space what would it be?
This is an incomplete list, but anything having to do with software design, distributed systems, microservices, cloud-native architectures, automation, delivery optimization, data integration, API development, production-related challenges (all the -abilities), developer experience, etc.

If I could drop everything and spend my time on whatever I wanted, I'd spend that time building an AI co-pilot that assists engineers in generating all the code, configuration, infrastructure, security policies, etc., required to deploy their applications in cost-effective, production-grade environments. Can't be that hard, right?